[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
house of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the sugar
addiction mind talk audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you listen to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
somewhere you're free
from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and your
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go and enjoy
all those peaceful feelings
and all the benefits
that come with it.
I do like you now
to make yourself
as comfortable as
possible and listen
to the sound of my voice.
And as you do so, you may be
aware of other sounds going on
around you.
You know that they're
not important.
They don't matter at all.
And you can dismiss them
out of your awareness
and focus your mind
entirely on what I'm saying.
This is your time, and
you make the most of it.
No one needs or wants
anything from you at all.
And I'd like you to
take in a deep breath,
filling your lungs as much as
you can, and let it out slowly.
And again, taking a
long, slow breath.
And when you're ready,
let it out slowly.
Now you can allow your
breathing to return to normal.
Gentle breaths in
and out, returning
to your normal gentle
breathing pace.
And I'd like you now
to imagine yourself
outside in your favorite
place in nature.
Maybe it's a peaceful
tropical beach,
or it could be a
beautiful garden.
And maybe you can
imagine lying back
on a boat, which is sailing
on a tranquil river.
It really doesn't
matter where you are as
long as it feels good to you.
And it's a beautiful day.
The sky is a special
shade of blue, so clear.
And it's a warm summer's day.
There's a breeze gently
blowing over you,
and the temperature is
just how you like it.
And in the sky is
a dazzling sun,
so bright that you just
want to close your eyes
and feel the glowing, healing
warmth of the sun on your body.
And surprisingly, you find
that you can direct that sun
over and around your body.
And as you realize
this, you begin
to direct the light from
the sun over your face.
You can feel the healing
warmth of the light
from the sun over your face,
just relaxing those muscles
around the eyes, around the
nose and mouth and your brow.
And as you do this, you find
that your facial muscles
begin to flatten out
as they relax and you
let go completely.
And it's a beautiful day.
You move the light from the
sun into the throat area,
feeling the warmth of the light
from the sun in your throat,
relaxing all the muscles,
just letting go completely now
and the warm sunlight now
moving into your shoulders
and across your shoulders,
making them feel
loose and limp and comfortable.
As your shoulders sink
into the frame of your body
and you feel so comfortable
now, so relaxed and at peace.
And you let nothing bother
or concern you at all.
And you direct the light from
the sun down your right arm,
from the shoulders to
the tips of your fingers.
Your right arm begins
to relax and let go.
And it's a beautiful feeling
to be here right now.
The warmth of the
light from the sun
penetrates the nerves and bones
and muscles of that right arm.
And it's such a beautiful day.
You move the sun
over to your left arm
and guide the light from the
sun down and up your left arm,
from the top of your
shoulders, all the way down
to the tips of your fingers.
You can feel the
left arm relaxing,
becoming uncomfortably
heavy and totally relaxed.
Now move that warm light
across and into the chest area,
and relax the chest,
all the muscles there.
Now, down to the stomach,
relaxing your tummy,
down into your hips and your
thighs, over to your right leg.
The light warms the muscles
as you relax your right leg.
Let it feel comfortable
and heavy now.
Now, move the light from
the sun down your right leg,
up and down from the top of the
hips to the tips of your toes
as the right leg
relaxes and you let go.
And it's such a beautiful day.
Now, move the light
into your left leg.
You move it up and down the left
leg, from the top of the hips
to the tips of your toes.
And your left leg relaxes
releasing tension,
letting go now completely.
Your whole body is now
totally and completely relaxed
from the top of your
head all the way down
to the tips of your toes.
And as your body relaxes,
your mind also relaxes.
And I want you now to
notice that the sun is
setting, going down now,
deeper and deeper down.
And you're so deeply
relaxed, but still completely
alert and aware.
You resist the temptation
to fall asleep.
Your mind is thoroughly
relaxed, but you
stay focused on these words.
So now, I'd like you to
use your imagination.
And once again, you're in a
wonderful place in nature.
The trees are a
beautiful shade of green.
It's a stunning day and the
sun is shining down on you.
There's a soft and
gentle breeze in the air,
making you feel pleasantly
relaxed and calm.
All around you can see trees
and plants and an array
of the most beautiful
flowers you have ever seen,
so colorful and vibrant.
And you can smell the rich
aroma of these flowers
making you feel so peaceful.
Nothing else matters right now.
You feel completely
teased and so calm.
And in the distance, you
can hear the sound of water
flowing slowly and gently.
The sound of water is helping
you to go more and more deeply
relaxed.
You may feel your muscles
loosening more and more.
Relaxing with the beautiful
flowing sound of water.
Out of curiosity, you decide to
follow the sound of the water.
And you feel excited about where
it's leading you, knowing deep
within yourself you're going
to a very special place,
a place where you're
going to create
some positive, wonderful
long lasting changes.
As you walk slowly
towards the water,
you can hear the sound of
birds singing in the trees.
You feel totally at ease.
As you finally
reach the lake, you
realize it's the most beautiful
vision you've ever seen,
and you're in awe of the
beauty that surrounds you.
The vast lake is
filled with a variety
of colors, rich colors of blues,
turquoise, and light greens.
And it fills your mind and
body with a wave of relaxation.
You may be becoming more relaxed
with each and every breath
you take, feeling more calm,
more peaceful, and more
relaxed than ever before.
Your mind may be
drifting in and out,
just letting go deeper
and deeper still.
You may feel as though your
mind is flowing gently,
flowing gently like the
lake in your imagination.
You look into the distance and
you can see a wooden bridge
leading over the lake.
You walk towards the bridge
feeling more and more
deeply relaxed.
As you reach the
bridge, you can see
there are 10 steps leading over
to the other side of the lake.
You slowly start
walking over the bridge,
counting the steps in your mind
10, nine, deeper and deeper
still, eight, seven, all the
way down to relaxation now,
six, five, and four
drifting off peacefully
and easily, three, two, all
the way down deeply relaxed,
and one.
You see a comfortable padded
chair, and you take a seat.
Ready to embrace the changes
to come in your deep state
of relaxation now.
And now, that you're feeling
so comfortable and so relaxed,
your mind is open and receptive
to suggestions that I give you.
And as you listen carefully
to the sound of my voice,
allowing the words to sink deep
down into your subconscious
mind, you can begin to feel even
more comfortable and relaxed.
And you're listening
to me today,
because you've decided
that now is the time
to control the amount of
added sugar that you consume.
We're not focusing on
cutting it out completely,
as we're going to be realistic.
We're going to reach
an achievable goal.
But you know the time has come
to limit the amount of added
sugar you eat, and you're
ready to make this change once
and for all.
You're ready to
make the change now
and to take action to beat those
old cravings for added sugar.
And I'm sure you
already know that sugar
is bad for your health.
You know that it's linked to
weight gain and to obesity.
It's responsible for
causing dental decay,
and it can overload the
liver in much the same way
the alcohol does.
Foods high in added
sugar can quickly
spike your blood sugar
and insulin levels
leading to increased energy.
However, this rise in
energy levels is fleeting.
Products that are
loaded with sugar
but lacking in
protein, fiber, or fat,
lead to a brief
energy boost that's
quickly followed by a sharp drop
in blood sugar, which is when
we feel that crash in energy.
So having these constant
blood sugar swings
can lead to major fluctuations
in energy levels, which you may
have found difficult to manage.
You know that sugar is a highly
addictive substance which
is hard to avoid, since it's
found in so many processed
foods.
So from now on, when
realistically possible,
you choose to cook
everything you
eat from scratch
using whole foods,
fresh leafy green
vegetables, and fresh fruit.
And you much prefer the
taste of fresh foods,
and you crave the feeling
of goodness and feeling
healthy after you've eaten such
wholesome, clean, nutritious
food.
From this moment on, your
mind and body no longer
crave added sugar.
You know the health
risks, and you no longer
want to be part of that.
You're ready to change
and to take control.
You realize that you can
get all the natural sugars
that your body requires
through eating fresh fruit
and vegetables, and you don't
need any excess to that.
You know that added sugar
is like a form of toxin
in your body, and you prefer
to eat much more healthy,
protecting your body and
boosting your immune system.
Instead of eating sugar,
you have many substitutes
for your cravings now.
If you feel like something
sweet, then perhaps
you reach for some fresh fruit,
perhaps some strawberries,
cherries, fresh blueberries,
or juicy grapes,
immediately giving your
body what it wants,
but in a healthy way.
Or if you don't feel
like eating fruit,
you reach for some nuts
or eggs, cheese or hummus,
or something that's high
in protein or fiber.
After a while, you realize
that you no longer crave sugar
in the way you used to.
You no longer crave
chocolates or biscuits.
You lose your taste and your
desire for all sweet foods
and sweet drinks.
You remember that
artificially sweetened foods
and sweet drinks are like
toxins to your system.
You don't need them.
You don't want them, and you
certainly don't have them.
That sugar converts
into fat in your body,
forming eventual
hardening of the arteries,
rotting your teeth, your
skin, and overloading
your liver and so much more.
Your mind and body reject
all sweet foods now,
all sweet drinks.
And from now on, you enjoy
the fresh, natural food
and drink that you consume.
You make sure you find the time
to cook, to shop consciously,
and you buy the right foods
to create good healthy meals.
This becomes more and more
of a priority for you.
And your love experimenting
with recipes and meals
grows more and more
each and every day.
The cleaner your body becomes,
the more you notice and dislike
the taste of added sugar.
You visualize that sugar
entering your body like toxin,
causing damage to your
liver your skin, your teeth,
and other parts of your body.
And if by accident or
on a special occasion,
you do just have a little
bit of extra sugar,
you find it tastes so much
sweeter than you remembered,
too sweet for you, a
synthetic taste reminding you
of plastic, stickier, sicklier
than it ever tasted before.
I'd like you to
visualize yourself now,
at an occasion at home or
perhaps out with friends, when
you would normally have enjoyed
some of that added sugar,
perhaps in a take away or
a friend's birthday cake.
And see yourself now.
Notice what you can see, what
you can hear, and what you can
smell.
And see yourself
refusing the sugar.
And instead, suggesting
an alternative,
if not for everyone, then
perhaps for yourself.
You feel healthy, clean,
natural, and fresh
knowing that you're eating
such nutritious foods, fueling
your body with goodness.
And you're feeling
really good now,
because you know that
sweet foods and drinks are
a thing of the past.
From now on, you choose
to say no to sugar.
You don't want it,
you don't need it,
and you definitely
don't have it.
Sweets and sugary
foods no longer
serve any purpose in your life.
You've had enough of
giving in to cravings,
and you're ready and
equipped to make that change.
You look forward to getting
the body you've always desired,
to an even temperament, and
to a much better health.
From now on, you say no to all
sweet foods and sweet drinks.
You say no, and you mean no.
And you're excited to
begin to enjoy life so
much more, because you know
that you are now in control.
You have much more
natural energy.
And you're now in control
of your mind, your body,
and your health.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
And they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you all
the wonderful, new feelings.
So coming back now with one,
two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open, when you're ready.